Workshop parameter resolver (#143)
AxonIQ/hotel-demo: WORKSHOP.md

# Parameter resolver workshop

> Welcome to the parameter resolver workshop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the parameter resolver workshop!
```

In this workshop you will learn how to apply parameter resolvers.

## Why should I use a parameter resolver?

> When using message handlers you can get into the situation that you need to do a lot of code duplication. For instance when you need to check if the user is authorized to apply a command. Or, event handlers that update a table need to get the entity in every function. You can do this check or fetch the entity in a parameter resolver and add it to the signature of any message handling function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using message handlers, you can get into a situation where you need to duplicate a lot of code. For instance, you need to check if the user is authorized to apply a command. Or, event handlers that update a table need to get the entity in every function. You can do this check or fetch the entity in a parameter resolver and add it to the signature of any message handling function.
```

It will provide you some hint about how to achieve the lab goal.

For your convenience, in each module you can find a http file to simplify the invocation of the endpoint for the specific lab.
If you are not using IntelliJ, you can invoke the endpoints with a tool of choice (postman, curl, ...).

The hotel demo project is a project to show the capabilities of Axon Framework and AxonServer. The UI consists of 2 flows. The first one is for the hotel manager and the other one is a flow for guests.

A manager can add rooms, see the overall availability, check out, see payments and cleaning schedule. A guest can book a room, check in and pay.

### Lab 1 Create a parameter resolver
Run the HotelBooking application and use the [http request file](hotel-booking.http) or use the frontend to explore the application.

Looking at the `RoomAvailabilityHandler`  you can see that the `RoomAvailabilityEntityRepository` is defined. Everytime this repository is updated the entity is fetched by calling `roomAvailabilityEntityRepository.getById(event.getRoomNumber())`. 
The goal of this workshop is to create a parameter resolver that fetches this entity beforehand by using a parameter resolver.

> Add a component that `implements ParameterResolver<RoomAvailabilityEntity>, ParameterResolverFactory`. **(tip)** You need to Autowire the constructor of the component to make it being picked up by Spring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a component that `implements ParameterResolver<RoomAvailabilityEntity>, ParameterResolverFactory`. By annotating it with `@Component` the configuration will automatically pick it up and register it.
```
